Teams (#217)
neo4j/docs-aura: modules/ROOT/pages/platform/user-management.adoc

[[aura-user-management]]
= User management
:description: This page describes how to manage users in Neo4j Aura.

label:AuraDB-Enterprise[] label:AuraDS-Enterprise[]

User management is a feature within Aura that allows you to invite users and set their roles within an isolated environment.

== Tenants

Tenants are the primary mechanism for granting users access to an Aura environment.

> The tenant you're currently viewing is displayed in the header of the Console. You can select the tenant name to open the **Tenant Dropdown** menu, which allows you to view the _Tenant ID_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tenant you're currently viewing is displayed in the header of the Console. 
You can select the tenant name to open the **Tenant Dropdown** menu, which allows you to view the _Tenant ID_.
```

> It is possible to be a member of multiple tenants, in which case the **Tenant Dropdown** will also display the other tenants you have access to. You can switch between these tenants by clicking on the individual tenant from the **Tenant Dropdown**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to be a member of multiple tenants, in which case the **Tenant Dropdown** will also display the other tenants you have access to. 
You can switch between these tenants by clicking on the individual tenant from the **Tenant Dropdown**.
```

> == Team Members

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Team members
```

Each tenant consists of a single team that allows multiple users with individual accounts to access the same environment.

> The team and its members can be viewed and managed from the **Team Members** page. You can access the **Team Members** page by selecting **Team Members** from the sidebar menu of the Console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The team and its members can be viewed and managed from the **Team Members** page. 
You can access the **Team Members** page by selecting **Team Members** from the sidebar menu of the Console.
```

====

_Admins_ can:

* View the team members and their roles.
* Invite new members to the team.
* Edit an existing team member's role.
* Delete existing team members from the team.

_Members_ can:

* View the team members and their roles.

=== Inviting team members

As an _Admin_, to invite a new team member:

. Select **Invite member** from the **Team Members** page.
. Enter the **Email** address of the person you want to invite.
. Select the team member's **Role**.
. Select **Invite**.

The new team member will appear within the list of team members on the **Team Members** page with the _Pending invite_ **Status** until they accept the invite.

=== Editing team members

As an _Admin_, to edit an existing team member's role:

. Select the **Edit member** pencil icon next to the team member's name from the **Team Members** page.
. Select the team member's new **Role**.
. Select **Save changes**.

=== Deleting team members

As an _Admin_, to delete an existing team member from the team:

. Select the **Delete member** trash can icon next to the team member's name from the **Team Members** page.
. Select **Delete**.

[NOTE]
====

> Deleting a team member whose **Status** is _Pending invite_ is also possible by selecting the **Delete member** trash can icon next to the team member's name and then selecting **Revoke**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is also possible to delete a team member whose **Status** is _Pending invite_.

Select the **Delete member** trash can icon next to the team member's name, and then select **Revoke**.
```

====

=== Accepting an invite

> When invited to a team, a **Tenant invitation** modal will appear the next time you reload the Console. You can select the tenant(s) you have been invited to and choose to accept or decline the invite(s). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When invited to a team, a **Tenant invitation** modal will appear the next time you reload the Console. 
You can select the tenant(s) you have been invited to and choose to accept or decline the invite(s). 
```

* Invite new members to the team.
* Edit an existing team member's role.
* Delete existing team members from the team.

_Members_ can:

* View the team members and their roles.

=== Inviting team members

As an _Admin_, to invite a new team member:

. Select **Invite member** from the **Team Members** page.
. Enter the **Email** address of the person you want to invite.
. Select the team member's **Role**.
. Select **Invite**.

The new team member will appear within the list of team members on the **Team Members** page with the _Pending invite_ **Status** until they accept the invite.

=== Editing team members

As an _Admin_, to edit an existing team member's role:

. Select the **Edit member** pencil icon next to the team member's name from the **Team Members** page.
. Select the team member's new **Role**.
. Select **Save changes**.

=== Deleting team members

As an _Admin_, to delete an existing team member from the team:

. Select the **Delete member** trash can icon next to the team member's name from the **Team Members** page.
. Select **Delete**.

[NOTE]
====
It is also possible to delete a team member whose **Status** is _Pending invite_.

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```
